Jupetter updatesensitiveproperties (#18224)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/user-update.md

|Application | User.ReadWrite.All, User.ManageIdentities.All, Directory.ReadWrite.All |

>[!NOTE]

> > - Updating another user's sensitive properties like **businessPhones**, **mobilePhone**, or **otherMails** is not allowed on users who are assigned an administrator role or who are members of a role-assignable group. This is the case for apps granted either the User.ReadWrite.All or Directory.ReadWrite.All delegated or application permissions. Only a Global Administrator assigned the Directory.AccessAsUser.All permission or an application assigned either the Global Administrator, Privileged Auth Administrator, Auth Administrator or User Administrator roles can update these properties for more privileged administrators. To learn more or see the full list of senstive properties, see [Azure AD built-in roles - Who can manage sensitive attributes](/azure/active-directory/roles/permissions-reference#who-can-update-sensitive-attributes)

Reviewer: @jpettere - Suggestion to link to the in-repo guidance so the reader doesn't go outside Microsoft Graph docs
```suggestion
> - Updating another user's sensitive properties like **businessPhones**, **mobilePhone**, or **otherMails** is not allowed on users who are assigned an administrator role or who are members of a role-assignable group, even when the app is granted the _User.ReadWrite.All_ or _Directory.ReadWrite.All_ delegated or application permissions. For more information about who can update sensitive properties or reset passwords, see [Authorization and privileges](/graph/api/resources/users#authorization-and-privileges)
```
